[LB] Move pages from Reference and Concepts and fix links (#11508)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/load-balancing/monitors/_index.md

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> Health monitors associated with load balancers are different from standalone [Health Checks](/health-checks/). For an overview of how the Cloudflare Load Balancing solution works, check out [Load Balancing components](/load-balancing/understand-basics/load-balancing-components/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Health monitors associated with load balancers are different from standalone [Health Checks](/health-checks/). For an overview of how the Cloudflare Load Balancing solution works, refer to [Load Balancing components](/load-balancing/understand-basics/load-balancing-components/).
```
